over a thousand people have been killed
in this conflict and as the UN secretary
uh General there said most of them are
women and children will Israel now pause
stop and change its rule of Engagement
uh every death is a tragedy in fact it's
not true by the way that the majority
are women and children the majority as
far as the figures that we've seen some
80% are actually men of fighting age but
obviously every death Every Woman every
child every individual who's not a
militant it's an absolute tragedy it's
really it's a double tragedy we we we
we're we're sad because of the loss of
life but we're also sad because
unfortunately Gaz are in the hold is in
the hold of a terrorist organization
Hamas which is literally putting these
people in the front line but if we look
at uh the images that we've been seeing
uh of that un's shelter in bitth hananon
that was targeted the majority of them
were children the fact is if you look at
the UN just over the last couple of
weeks we've had two cases where the UN
has admitted that un School have
actually been used as storehouses for
missiles for rockets and missiles and
when you think about what that means you
have a terrorist organization that is
placing within schools we've seen houses
houses where civilians and children are
are booby trapped one of the most
fundamental humanitarian principles is
let us try and leave civilians out of
the equation unfortunately you know when
every democracy thinks that the goal of
a military is to protect their civilians
we have Hamas that thinks that the goal
of civilians is to protect their weapons
indeed but that particular School the UN
has said and ban kimun has just said was
full of uh civilians and the IDF were
given the coordinates for that
particular once again the fact is that
particular incident is still under under
investigation and the fact is the UN
itself is still investigating that
incident it's not clear what is clear is
that it's made absolutely clear that
there were terrorist organizations Hamas
firing from the V vicinity of the school
so it is absolutely not clear that the
casualties tragic casualties were caused
by Israel it's worth remembering that
some 10% of Hamas missiles never leave
the Gaza Strip they actually land on
their own population it's an absolutely
tragic situation but your strategy it's
not working is it when civilians are
killed when this number of civilians are
killed the strategy isn't working
Israel's strategy is not working um the
fact is in a situation there is no
democracy that has found a Fail Safe Way
dealing with brutal terrorist
organizations that hide in civilian
areas but as we're talking now Israel
has managed to uncover some 30 terrorist
tunnels that run from the Gaza Strip
under Israel in an attempt to blow up or
kidnap Israelis and manag to
decommission them we estimate that of
the 12,000 rockets and missiles that
Hamas has in the Gaza Strip many of them
long range missiles that have been
smuggled in from
Iran system though the Iron Dome
protects Israeli citizens from these
Rockets but the people in Gaza are
densely populated area do not have that
level of protection the I'm not going to
apologize for the fact that more
Israelis haven't been killed the fact is
75% of Israel's population some 5
million people have to leave their lives
Within Reach of bomb shelters and even
Iron Dome doesn't work in every
circumstances but as far as the Gaza
Strip is concerned when you think about
the miles and miles of concrete
reinforced tunnels some 20% of the
building equipment shipped into Gaza for
the purposes of building schools and
hospitals why doesn't Hamas allow people
to go and protect of children dying
homes
flattened you pause for a second and
think this
we we absolutely appalled but we also
have to remember that Hamas
unfortunately is relying on the World to
care about Palestinian civilians more
than it does itself we have one side in
this equation which is causing a which
is committing a double War crime
targeting our civilians hiding behind
their civilians Israel committing war
crimes no absolutely not the if
civilians are being killed and the un uh
has uh indicated that they're they're
concerned that Israel is committing a
war crime would you say Israel is then
is Israel is engaging in serious
attempts serious legal advice working
closely with other democracies in how to
deal with this but you have to remember
that when a terrorist organization hides
from behind civilians saying that you
have cart blanch saying that you have
free range to do anything you like is
simply not an option not an option for
Israel and not option for same that
Israelis are uh you know air strikes
against civilians air strikes against I
don't think I think the I think more and
more and you have to look at public
opinion survey in the Gaza Strip to
realize how disappointed people are with
the Hamas leadership they can't speak
publicly because they are under threat
of gun they are intimidated but quietly
they realize that Hamas has done nothing
to increase the prosperity of their now
the Palestinian people have nowhere to
go and Rockets are being fired on them
day and night the fact is we are making
it absolutely clear we are taking on
additional risk Israeli soldiers we send
in ground troops because shooting from
the air is more of a risk we give
advanced notice of where we are actually
going to be attacking to try and enable
school is here and the fact if we think
about the fact that within the Gaza
Strip of 15 to 20,000 Hamas militants
with 12,000 missiles in that situation
to try and limit the amount of damage
the damage that we've done shows that
we've been taking extraordinary care in
extremely difficult circumstances uh
Ambassador we'll just uh keep you there
for a second because I'd like to bring
in Mustafa bouti who's a member of the
Palestinian legislative Council and head
of the Palestinian national initiative
he joins me now from rala we've been
speaking to uh amb TP here and he is
saying that thousands of rockets are are
being fired on Israeli civilians so what
will it take for Hamas to stop these
Rockets yeah thousands of rockets and
nobody is killed it's a a simple
psychological warfare that I I I don't
want to see but in reality Israel is not
just not a democracy as he claims but
Israel is behaving like a fascist
country when when they don't recognize
the fact that they are killing children
and women and continue the propaganda of
Defending such unacceptable behavior and
when the racism in Israel and among
Israeli leadership reaches a point where
a member of keset elite shaid stands in
the Israeli Parliament and says we
should kill all Palestinian women so
that they would not give birth to
Palestinian children who are snakes this
particular Behavior this is a language
the SE when there is a call for a
ceasefire Hamas continues to fire these
Rockets no let me cl explain and I am
aware of all the positions and I've been
talking to them this morning Hamas and
all Palestinian groups are unified in
accepting and demanding ceasefire
immediately because we want this
horrible attack on our people in Gaza to
stop we want this attack that has killed
so far 1,34 people mainly 90% of them
are civilians and the fact that person
is a civilian but in in at an age that
makes at an age where he can be in an
army does not justify killing him he's a
civilian we are talking about 6,000
people injured what will it take for the
Palestinians the Palestinian leadership
to come to the negotiating table so that
their people do not continue to
experience this level of
Bloodshed what we need is Israel's
acceptance of two things first of all to
stop immediately their operation in Gaza
to stop the attack on Gaza to stop the
aggression on Gaza and to accept to lift
The Siege on the people of Gaza because
The Siege on Gaza is causing the worst
humanitarian crisis ever it has been
responsible for the fact that the
poverty level is so high it has it has
been responsible for the fact that 90%
of the people cannot have drinkable
water according to International
standard it is responsible for the fact
that H there is a big seage problem in
Gaza it is responsible for the fact that
fishermen cannot fish in the sea and the
tunnels the tunnels were an act of
self-defense they can all be abolished
tomorrow if Israel stops these acts and
let's remember that this is not just
about Gaza Gaza is only a small tiny
problem everything started with the West
Bank because the whole aggression
started by Israel was started in the
West Bank when 27 Palestinians were
killed while they were peacefully
demonstrating when Israel conducted an
act of collective punishment arresting
no less than 1,000 people including our
members of parliament and the cause of
everything is the occupation there has
been an occupation that has been there
for 47 years and has transformed into a
system of aparti and segregation Mr isra
does not want to stop occupation that'ss
has said that uh uh the people of
Palestine are very disappointed in Hamas
and the Palestinian leadership are you
letting your people down by by not
coming and having serious discussions
with the
Israelis on the contrary people are
disappointed with Israel not with Hamas
or any other Palestinian political
faction in reality president Abbas has
been conducting negotiations with Israel
for 21 years all he got is more
expansion of settlements all he got is a
system of enslavement of our people well
he obviously has isra was the one that
broke Israel was the one that broke
negotiations that were conducted by Mr
Kerry so Israel Netanyahu is saying the
following he does not want two State
solution he does not want one state
solution so what does he want a system
of enslavement a system of Oppression a
system of aparti we will never ever
accept This Ti fat continue if Hamas
doesn't stop the Rockets uh Israel will
continue with with its air strikes no no
Hamas is ready to stop all the Rockets
actually as I said these Rockets did not
did not kill really people most of the
people people who were killed on the
Israeli side and I don't want anybody to
be killed but out of the 44 people
killed 42 Were Soldiers invading Gaza
Soldiers the the those who are killed
are women and children if the Iron Dome
wasn't there then more Israelis would
get
killed well luckily they were not and we
don't want them to die but on the other
hand when I see an ambassador of a
country that claims to be a democracy
who doesn't care about the fact that
1,33 people people have been killed
mostly children and women and civilians
when I see a man who doesn't care about
the fact that 30 families were
completely eliminated including the
father the mother the grandfather the
grandsons the children they were all
eliminated when I see a man who doesn't
care about the fact that 6,000 people
are injured and he thinks that we are
subhuman beings then this is
unacceptable the fact is that Israeli
propaganda is trying to dehumanize
Palestinians to justify an OP that is
unacceptable I'll just bring in uh
Ambassador t uh as a WR of reply um it's
absolutely shocking to hear somebody
representing an organization that has
deliberately put men women and children
In Harm's Way to protect its terrorist
leaders who are hidden in the basement
of hospitals the fact is if Hamas was to
stop
firing we don't want a screaming match
here but Mr bouti has said but don't
mislead the public you know me very well
and you can't CL fact five times over
the last few weeks has accepted
ceasefires including the Egyptian
proposal supported by the Arab the
United during those humanarian windows
we've seen Hamas continuing to fire
rockets and celebrate the death of
Israeli civilians which of course is
something that no Israeli would ever do
this is not true because those who are
dying are Palestinian civilians not
Israeli civilians and you cannot mislead
the world anymore the world already
knows the facts and the reality you
cannot continue to mislead the world
about the fact that you are occupying
another people and oppressing them and
this cannot continue we need our freedom
and we are entitled to it